README.md, before:

# ClanLord Client

A pre-alpha open source (MIT) client for the Clan Lord MMORPG.

This repository hosts the Go implementation of the client. The
`old_mac_client/` directory contains a historical C implementation provided
for reference only (do not modify).

## Quick Start

### Requirements

- Go 1.24 or newer
- OpenGL and X11 development libraries

On Debian/Ubuntu:

```bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install -y golang-go build-essential libgl1-mesa-dev libglu1-mesa-dev xorg-dev
```

### Build

From the repository root run:

```bash
go build
```

### Run

Launch the client with:

```bash
go run .
```

To build release binaries for Linux and Windows, use:

```bash
scripts/build_binaries.sh
```

## Command-line Flags

The Go client accepts the following flags:

- `-host` – server address (default `server.deltatao.com:5010`)
- `-clmov` – play back a `.clMov` movie file instead of connecting to a server
- `-pgo` – create `default.pgo` by playing `test.clMov` at 60 fps for 30 seconds
- `-client-version` – client version number (`kVersionNumber`, default `1440`)
- `-debug` – enable debug logging (default `true`)
- `-scale` – screen scale factor (default `2`)
- `-interp` – enable movement interpolation
- `-onion` – cross-fade sprite animations
- `-noFastAnimation` – draw a mobile's previous animation frame when available
- `-night` – force night level (0-100)

## Data and Logging

- The default server is `server.deltatao.com:5010`; override it with `-host`.
- Missing `CL_Images` or `CL_Sounds` archives in `data` are fetched automatically from `https://www.deltatao.com/downloads/clanlord`.
  They are saved as `CL_Images` and `CL_Sounds`.

Commit message:

Add Catmull-Rom spline helper

README.md, after:

# ClanLord Client

A pre-alpha open source (MIT) client for the Clan Lord MMORPG.

This repository hosts the Go implementation of the client. The
`old_mac_client/` directory contains a historical C implementation provided
for reference only (do not modify).

## Quick Start

### Requirements

- Go 1.24 or newer
- OpenGL and X11 development libraries

On Debian/Ubuntu:

```bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install -y golang-go build-essential libgl1-mesa-dev libglu1-mesa-dev xorg-dev
```

### Build

From the repository root run:

```bash
go build
```

### Run

Launch the client with:

```bash
go run .
```

To build release binaries for Linux and Windows, use:

```bash
scripts/build_binaries.sh
```

## Command-line Flags

The Go client accepts the following flags:

- `-host` – server address (default `server.deltatao.com:5010`)
- `-clmov` – play back a `.clMov` movie file instead of connecting to a server
- `-pgo` – create `default.pgo` by playing `test.clMov` at 60 fps for 30 seconds
- `-client-version` – client version number (`kVersionNumber`, default `1440`)
- `-debug` – enable debug logging (default `true`)
- `-scale` – screen scale factor (default `2`)
- `-interp` – enable movement interpolation
- `-onion` – cross-fade sprite animations
- `-noFastAnimation` – draw a mobile's previous animation frame when available
- `-night` – force night level (0-100)

Movement interpolation uses Catmull-Rom splines when sufficient history is available. Set `SplineSmoothing` to `false` in `settings.json` to use linear interpolation.

## Data and Logging

- The default server is `server.deltatao.com:5010`; override it with `-host`.
- Missing `CL_Images` or `CL_Sounds` archives in `data` are fetched automatically from `https://www.deltatao.com/downloads/clanlord`.
  They are saved as `CL_Images` and `CL_Sounds`.
